docs/packages/awesome-panel-extensions/index.md, before:

# Awesome Panel Extensions Package

The Awesome Panel Extensions package contains Panel Extensions that add to the power of Panel.

## Installation

You can install the package via

```python
pip install awesome-panel-extensions
```

Each individual extension might depend on additional packages. For example the `awesome_panel_extensions.panes.PandasProfileReport` depends on the [Pandas Profiling](https://github.com/pandas-profiling/pandas-profiling) package.

## Reference Gallery

Check out the extensions by clicking the images below.

### Panes

#### PandasProfileReport

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.pane import PandasProfileReport`.

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fpanes%2FPandasProfileReport.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/panes/PandasProfileReport.ipynb)

[![PandasProfileReport](pandas-profile-report-notebook.png)](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/panes/PandasProfileReport.ipynb)


#### WebComponent

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.web_component import WebComponent`.

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fpanes%2FWebComponent.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/panes/WebComponent.ipynb)

You can think of the `WebComponent` as a `HTML` pane that supports bidirectional communication and large data transfer.

You can use the `WebComponent` to quickly **plugin web component or javascript libraries**.

So if you are not satisfied with the look and feel of the existing Panel widgets then use the `WebComponent` to plug in your favourite set of widgets. Or if the `DataFrame` pane or widget is not enough for your use case, then plugin an alternative data table.

For an introduction to *web components* see [Web Components: the secret ingredient helping Power the web](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBwgkr_Sbx0).

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBwgkr_Sbx0" target="blank_"><img src="https://i.ytimg.com/vi/YBwgkr_Sbx0/hqdefault.jpg"></img></a>


### Widgets

#### LinkButtons

Use them via `from awesome_panel_extensions.widgets import link_buttons`.

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fwidgets%2FLinkButtons.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/widgets/LinkButtons.ipynb)

[![LinkButtons](link_buttons.png)](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/widgets/LinkButtons.ipynb)


#### PerspectiveViewer

The `PerspectiveViewer` is perfect for interactive, streaming analytics of large amounts of data.

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.widgets.perspective_viewer import PerspectiveViewer`

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fwidgets%2FPerspectiveViewer.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/widgets/PerspectiveViewer.ipynb)

[![PerspectiveViewer](perspective-viewer-finos.gif)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fwidgets%2FPerspectiveViewer.ipynb)

#### PivotTable

The `PivotTable` is a nice, interactive widget for getting insights from data.

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.widgets.pivot_table import PivotTable`

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fwidgets%2FPivotTable.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/widgets/PivotTable.ipynb)

<video style="max-width:100%;max-height:500px;" autoplay controls>
  <source src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/master/docs/packages/awesome-panel-extensions/pivot-table.mp4" type="video/mp4" controls>
    You browser does not support video
</video>

#### Tabulator

The `Tabulator` widget is an awesome table for showing, editing and streaming data. Checkout [tabulator.info](https://tabulator.info) for inspiration.

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.widgets.tabulator import Tabulator`.

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fwidgets%2FTabulator.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/widgets/Tabulator.ipynb)

<video style="max-width:100%;max-height:500px;" autoplay controls>
  <source src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master/assets/videos/Tabulator.mp4" type="video/mp4" controls>
    You browser does not support video
</video>

### Frameworks

#### Material

The Material Extensions are based on the [MWC Material Web Components](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web-components) and [Material Design](https://material.io/design).

Please note that you need to add the Material `Extension` and `Stylesheet` components to you app to setup the js and css requirements.

Please also note that the Material Widgets **do not work in older browsers** like Internet Explorer.

#### Material Button

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.frameworks.material import Button`

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialButton.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/frameworks/material/MaterialButton.ipynb)

[![Material Button](material-button.png)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialButton.ipynb)

#### Material CircularProgress

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.frameworks.material import CircularProgress`.

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialCircularProgress.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/frameworks/material/MaterialCircularProgress.ipynb)

[![Material CircularProgress](mwc-circular-progress.gif)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialCircularProgress.ipynb)

#### Material IntSlider

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialIntSlider.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/frameworks/material/MaterialIntSlider.ipynb)

[![Material IntSlider](mwc-slider.png)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialIntSlider.ipynb)

Use it via `awesome_panel_extensions.frameworks.material.IntSlider`.


#### Material LinearProgress

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.frameworks.material import LinearProgress`.

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialLinearProgress.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/frameworks/material/MaterialLinearProgress.ipynb)

[![Material LinearProgress](mwc-linear-progress.gif)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialLinearProgress.ipynb)

#### Material Select

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.frameworks.material import Select`

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialSelect.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/frameworks/material/MaterialSelect.ipynb)

[![Material Button](mwc-select.png)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialSelect.ipynb)

### Developer Tools

#### Awesome Panel Designer

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.developer_tools.designer import Designer`.

The *Awesome Panel Designer* is my attempt to create an **efficient workflow for data exploration and development of data apps** in Python **from an editor or IDE**.

This is for **developing any Python object that Panel can display**:

- Strings, Markdown, HTML/ Css/ Javascript
- DataFrames
- Matplotlib, Vega/ Altair, ECharts, Deck.gl, Bokeh, Plotly, HvPlot/ HoloViews, ...
- Panel layouts, widgets, extensions and apps

For more info click the link below.

* [Awesome Panel Designer Docs](designer.md)

<video width="640" height="360" poster="__POSTER__.jpg" controls autoplay>
    <source src="https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/docs/packages/awesome-panel-extensions/awesome-panel-designer-guide.mp4?raw=true" type="video/mp4" />
</video>

Commit message:

updated docs on fast button

docs/packages/awesome-panel-extensions/index.md, after:

# Awesome Panel Extensions Package

The Awesome Panel Extensions package contains Panel Extensions that add to the power of Panel.

## Installation

You can install the package via

```python
pip install awesome-panel-extensions
```

Each individual extension might depend on additional packages. For example the `awesome_panel_extensions.panes.PandasProfileReport` depends on the [Pandas Profiling](https://github.com/pandas-profiling/pandas-profiling) package.

## Reference Gallery

Check out the extensions by clicking the images below.

### Panes

#### PandasProfileReport

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.pane import PandasProfileReport`.

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fpanes%2FPandasProfileReport.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/panes/PandasProfileReport.ipynb)

[![PandasProfileReport](pandas-profile-report-notebook.png)](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/panes/PandasProfileReport.ipynb)


#### WebComponent

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.web_component import WebComponent`.

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fpanes%2FWebComponent.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/panes/WebComponent.ipynb)

You can think of the `WebComponent` as a `HTML` pane that supports bidirectional communication and large data transfer.

You can use the `WebComponent` to quickly **plugin web component or javascript libraries**.

So if you are not satisfied with the look and feel of the existing Panel widgets then use the `WebComponent` to plug in your favourite set of widgets. Or if the `DataFrame` pane or widget is not enough for your use case, then plugin an alternative data table.

For an introduction to *web components* see [Web Components: the secret ingredient helping Power the web](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBwgkr_Sbx0).

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBwgkr_Sbx0" target="blank_"><img src="https://i.ytimg.com/vi/YBwgkr_Sbx0/hqdefault.jpg"></img></a>


### Widgets

#### LinkButtons

Use them via `from awesome_panel_extensions.widgets import link_buttons`.

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fwidgets%2FLinkButtons.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/widgets/LinkButtons.ipynb)

[![LinkButtons](link_buttons.png)](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/widgets/LinkButtons.ipynb)


#### PerspectiveViewer

The `PerspectiveViewer` is perfect for interactive, streaming analytics of large amounts of data.

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.widgets.perspective_viewer import PerspectiveViewer`

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fwidgets%2FPerspectiveViewer.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/widgets/PerspectiveViewer.ipynb)

[![PerspectiveViewer](perspective-viewer-finos.gif)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fwidgets%2FPerspectiveViewer.ipynb)

#### PivotTable

The `PivotTable` is a nice, interactive widget for getting insights from data.

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.widgets.pivot_table import PivotTable`

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fwidgets%2FPivotTable.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/widgets/PivotTable.ipynb)

<video style="max-width:100%;max-height:500px;" autoplay controls>
  <source src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/master/docs/packages/awesome-panel-extensions/pivot-table.mp4" type="video/mp4" controls>
    You browser does not support video
</video>

#### Tabulator

The `Tabulator` widget is an awesome table for showing, editing and streaming data. Checkout [tabulator.info](https://tabulator.info) for inspiration.

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.widgets.tabulator import Tabulator`.

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fwidgets%2FTabulator.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/widgets/Tabulator.ipynb)

<video style="max-width:100%;max-height:500px;" autoplay controls>
  <source src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master/assets/videos/Tabulator.mp4" type="video/mp4" controls>
    You browser does not support video
</video>

### Frameworks

#### Fast

The Fast extensions are based on the [fast.design](https://fast.design/) web components web component which are open sourced by Microsoft and probably will power the VS Code and Microsoft Office experience in the future.

Please note that you can only use the Fast widgets inside a custom Panel template that

- Wraps the content of the `<body>` html tag inside the `<fast-design-system-provider>` tag.
- Loads the  Fast `javascript` module dependencies.

We provide the `FastTemplate` for easy usage.

You can also develop your own custom [Panel template](https://panel.holoviz.org/user_guide/Templates.html) if you need something special. For example combining it with more [fast.design](https://fast.design/) web components and the [Fluent Design System](https://www.microsoft.com/design/fluent/#/) to create **VS Code** and **Microsoft Office** like experiences.

Please also note that the Fast components do not work on legacy browser like Internet Explorer.

#### FastButton

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.frameworks.fast import FastButton`

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Ffast%2FFastButton.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/frameworks/fast/FastButton.ipynb)

[![Fast Button](fast-button.png)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Ffast%2FFastButton.ipynb)


#### Material

The Material Extensions are based on the [MWC Material Web Components](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web-components) and [Material Design](https://material.io/design).

Please note that you need to add the Material `Extension` and `Stylesheet` components to you app to setup the js and css requirements.

Please also note that the Material Widgets **do not work in older browsers** like Internet Explorer.

#### Material Button

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.frameworks.material import Button`

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialButton.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/frameworks/material/MaterialButton.ipynb)

[![Material Button](material-button.png)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialButton.ipynb)

#### Material CircularProgress

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.frameworks.material import CircularProgress`.

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialCircularProgress.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/frameworks/material/MaterialCircularProgress.ipynb)

[![Material CircularProgress](mwc-circular-progress.gif)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialCircularProgress.ipynb)

#### Material IntSlider

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialIntSlider.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/frameworks/material/MaterialIntSlider.ipynb)

[![Material IntSlider](mwc-slider.png)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialIntSlider.ipynb)

Use it via `awesome_panel_extensions.frameworks.material.IntSlider`.


#### Material LinearProgress

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.frameworks.material import LinearProgress`.

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialLinearProgress.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/frameworks/material/MaterialLinearProgress.ipynb)

[![Material LinearProgress](mwc-linear-progress.gif)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialLinearProgress.ipynb)

#### Material Select

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.frameworks.material import Select`

[<img src="https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialSelect.ipynb) [<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jupyter/design/master/logos/Badges/nbviewer_badge.svg" style="height:25px;display:inline;margin:5px">](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/blob/master/examples/reference/frameworks/material/MaterialSelect.ipynb)

[![Material Button](mwc-select.png)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel-extensions/master?filepath=examples%2Freference%2Fframeworks%2Fmaterial%2FMaterialSelect.ipynb)

### Developer Tools

#### Awesome Panel Designer

Use it via `from awesome_panel_extensions.developer_tools.designer import Designer`.

The *Awesome Panel Designer* is my attempt to create an **efficient workflow for data exploration and development of data apps** in Python **from an editor or IDE**.

This is for **developing any Python object that Panel can display**:

- Strings, Markdown, HTML/ Css/ Javascript
- DataFrames
- Matplotlib, Vega/ Altair, ECharts, Deck.gl, Bokeh, Plotly, HvPlot/ HoloViews, ...
- Panel layouts, widgets, extensions and apps

For more info click the link below.

* [Awesome Panel Designer Docs](designer.md)

<video width="640" height="360" poster="__POSTER__.jpg" controls autoplay>
    <source src="https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/docs/packages/awesome-panel-extensions/awesome-panel-designer-guide.mp4?raw=true" type="video/mp4" />
</video>
