application/pages/resources/resources.md, before:

# Awesome Panel Resources ![Awesome Badge](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)

### Alternatives

- [Bokeh](https://bokeh.pydata.org/en/latest/index.html) by [Bokeh](https://docs.bokeh.org/en/latest/ ) (#Alternatives)
- [Jupyter Voila](https://blog.jupyter.org/and-voil%C3%A0-f6a2c08a4a93) by [Voila](https://github.com/voila-dashboards) (#Alternatives)
- [Plotly Dash](https://plot.ly/dash/) by [Plotly](https://plot.ly/) (#Alternatives)
- [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io) by [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io/) (#Alternatives)

### App

- [Building Dashboards. Introduction to Data Analysis in Biological Sciences.](https://xavartley.github.io/#panel/vtk_examples/Gallery_VTK.html) by [Justin Bois](http://bois.caltech.edu/) (#App, #Inspiration)
- [Color Dropper App](http://colordropper.herokuapp.com/colordropper) by [Andrew Huang](https://twitter.com/iateandrew1) (#App)
- [XrViz](https://github.com/intake/xrviz) by [Intake](https://github.com/intake) (#App, #Code, #Inspiration)

### Article

- [A tour (of a small part) of the Python visualization landscape](https://indico.cern.ch/event/833895/contributions/3577846/attachments/1928191/3205023/PyHEP2019_slides.pdf) by [Philipp Rudiger](http://philippjfr.com/) (#Article)
- [Dashboards with PyViz Panel for interactive web apps](https://dmnfarrell.github.io/bioinformatics/pyviz-panel) by [Damien Farrell](https://dmnfarrell.github.io/) (#Article)

### Awesome-panel.org

- [Awesome-panel.org](https://awesome-panel.org) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#Awesome-panel.org)
- [Docker](https://hub.docker.com/r/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#Awesome-panel.org)
- [Docs](https://awesome-panel.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#Awesome-panel.org)
- [Github](https://github.com/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#Awesome-panel.org)
- [PyPi](https://pypi.org/project/awesome-panel/) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#Awesome-panel.org)

### Code

- [Bootstrap Dashboard](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/bootstrap_dashboard/main.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code)
- [Custom Bokeh Model](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/custom_bokeh_model/custom.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code)
- [DataExplorer - Loading...](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/dataexplorer_loading/dataexplorer_loading.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code)
- [Image Classifier](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/image_classifier/image_classifier.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code)
- [Kickstarter Dashboard](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/kickstarter_dashboard/main.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code)
- [Owid Choropleth Map](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/owid_choropleth_map/main.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code)
- [Param Reference Example](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/param_reference_example/param_reference_example.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code)
- [Test Bootstrap Alerts](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/awesome_panel_express_tests/test_bootstrap_alerts.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code, #awesome_panel.express)
- [Test Bootstrap Card](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/awesome_panel_express_tests/test_bootstrap_card.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code, #awesome_panel.express)
- [Test Code](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/awesome_panel_express_tests/test_code.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code, #awesome_panel.express)
- [Test DataFrame](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/awesome_panel_express_tests/test_dataframe.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code, #awesome_panel.express)
- [Test Divider](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/awesome_panel_express_tests/test_divider.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code, #awesome_panel.express)
- [Test FontAwesome](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/awesome_panel_express_tests/test_fontawesome.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code, #awesome_panel.express)
- [Test Headings](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/awesome_panel_express_tests/test_headings.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code, #awesome_panel.express)
- [Test Markdown](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/awesome_panel_express_tests/test_markdown.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code, #awesome_panel.express)
- [Test Modal](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/awesome_panel_express_tests/test_modal.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code, #awesome_panel.express)
- [Test Progress Extension](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/awesome_panel_express_tests/test_progress_ext.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code, #awesome_panel.express)
- [Test Share Links](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/awesome_panel_express_tests/test_share_links.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code, #awesome_panel.express)
- [Test Spinners](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/awesome_panel_express_tests/test_spinners.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code, #awesome_panel.express)
- [Yahoo Query](https://github.com/MarcSkovMadsen/awesome-panel/blob/master/src/pages/gallery/yahooquery_app/yahooquery_app.py) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#App In Gallery, #Code)

### Inspiration

- [Information is Beautiful](https://informationisbeautiful.net/) by [Information is beautiful](https://informationisbeautiful.net/) (#Inspiration)
- [Our World in Data](https://ourworldindata.org/) by [Our World in Data](https://ourworldindata.org/) (#Inspiration)

### Panel

- [Announcing Article](https://medium.com/@philipp.jfr/panel-announcement-2107c2b15f52) by [Philipp Rudiger](http://philippjfr.com/) (#Panel)
- [Discourse](https://discourse.holoviz.org/c/panel) by [panel](https://panel.pyviz.org/) (#Panel)
- [Gallery](https://panel.pyviz.org/gallery/index.html) by [panel](https://panel.pyviz.org/) (#Panel)
- [Getting Started](https://panel.pyviz.org/getting_started/index.html) by [panel](https://panel.pyviz.org/) (#Panel)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/holoviz/panel) by [panel](https://panel.pyviz.org/) (#Panel)
- [Panel](https://panel.pyviz.org/) by [panel](https://panel.pyviz.org/) (#Panel)
- [Reference Gallery](https://panel.pyviz.org/reference/index.html) by [panel](https://panel.pyviz.org/) (#Panel)
- [User Guide](https://panel.pyviz.org/user_guide/index.html) by [panel](https://panel.pyviz.org/) (#Panel)

### Sister Sites

- [awesome-streamlit.org](https://awesome-streamlit.org) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#Sister Sites)

### Tutorial

- [HoloViz.org - Awesome Resources and Tutorials](http://holoviz.org/index.html) by [HoloViz](http://holoviz.org/) (#Tutorial)
- [Information is Beautiful](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-build-a-time-series-dashboard-in-python-with-panel-altair-and-a-jupyter-notebook-c0ed40f02289) by [Bokeh](https://bendoesdata.github.io/) (#Article, #Tutorial)
- [VTK Examples by xavArtley](http://bebi103.caltech.edu.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com/2019a/content/recitations/recitation_05/dashboards.html) by [xavArtely](https://github.com/xavArtley) (#Inspiration, #Tutorial, #VTK)

### Video

- [Open Source Directions ep. 29: Panel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZOsxmM_wyg) by [Quansight](https://www.quansight.com/) (#Video)
- [Turn any Notebook into a Deployable Dashboard | SciPy 2019 | James Bednar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L91rd1D6XTA&t=274s) by [James A. Bednar](https://github.com/jbednar) (#Tutorial, #Video)
- [Turn any notebook into a deployable dashboard|PyData Berlin 2019](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ohr29FJjBi0&list=PLGVZCDnMOq0pNHTYo3i56zYU-Tdw5Uguw) by [Philipp Rudiger](http://philippjfr.com/) (#Tutorial, #Video)
- [Visualize any Data Easily, from Notebooks to Dashboards](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7deGS4IPAQ0&t=1326s) by [James A. Bednar](https://github.com/jbednar) (#Tutorial, #Video)

<br/><br/><br/>

Commit message:

finalized wired example and added Elvis to awesome resources list

application/pages/resources/resources.md, after:

# Awesome Panel Resources ![Awesome Badge](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)

### Alternatives

- [Bokeh](https://bokeh.pydata.org/en/latest/index.html) by [Bokeh](https://docs.bokeh.org/en/latest/ ) (#Alternatives)
- [Jupyter Voila](https://blog.jupyter.org/and-voil%C3%A0-f6a2c08a4a93) by [Voila](https://github.com/voila-dashboards) (#Alternatives)
- [Plotly Dash](https://plot.ly/dash/) by [Plotly](https://plot.ly/) (#Alternatives)
- [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io) by [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io/) (#Alternatives)

### App

- [Building Dashboards. Introduction to Data Analysis in Biological Sciences.](https://xavartley.github.io/#panel/vtk_examples/Gallery_VTK.html) by [Justin Bois](http://bois.caltech.edu/) (#App, #Inspiration)
- [Color Dropper App](http://colordropper.herokuapp.com/colordropper) by [Andrew Huang](https://twitter.com/iateandrew1) (#App)
- [XrViz](https://github.com/intake/xrviz) by [Intake](https://github.com/intake) (#App, #Code, #Inspiration)

### Article

- [A tour (of a small part) of the Python visualization landscape](https://indico.cern.ch/event/833895/contributions/3577846/attachments/1928191/3205023/PyHEP2019_slides.pdf) by [Philipp Rudiger](http://philippjfr.com/) (#Article)
- [Dashboards with PyViz Panel for interactive web apps](https://dmnfarrell.github.io/bioinformatics/pyviz-panel) by [Damien Farrell](https://dmnfarrell.github.io/) (#Article)

### Awesome-panel.org

- [Awesome-panel.org](https://awesome-panel.org) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#Awesome-panel.org)
- [Docker](https://hub.docker.com/r/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#Awesome-panel.org)
- [Docs](https://awesome-panel.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#Awesome-panel.org)
- [Github](https://github.com/marcskovmadsen/awesome-panel) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#Awesome-panel.org)
- [PyPi](https://pypi.org/project/awesome-panel/) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#Awesome-panel.org)

### Code

- [Elvis - Golden Layout](https://github.com/LeonvanKouwen/elvis) by [Leon van Kouwen](https://github.com/LeonvanKouwen) (#Code)

### Inspiration

- [Information is Beautiful](https://informationisbeautiful.net/) by [Information is beautiful](https://informationisbeautiful.net/) (#Inspiration)
- [Our World in Data](https://ourworldindata.org/) by [Our World in Data](https://ourworldindata.org/) (#Inspiration)

### Panel

- [Announcing Article](https://medium.com/@philipp.jfr/panel-announcement-2107c2b15f52) by [Philipp Rudiger](http://philippjfr.com/) (#Panel)
- [Discourse](https://discourse.holoviz.org/c/panel) by [panel](https://panel.pyviz.org/) (#Panel)
- [Gallery](https://panel.pyviz.org/gallery/index.html) by [panel](https://panel.pyviz.org/) (#Panel)
- [Getting Started](https://panel.pyviz.org/getting_started/index.html) by [panel](https://panel.pyviz.org/) (#Panel)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/holoviz/panel) by [panel](https://panel.pyviz.org/) (#Panel)
- [Panel](https://panel.pyviz.org/) by [panel](https://panel.pyviz.org/) (#Panel)
- [Reference Gallery](https://panel.pyviz.org/reference/index.html) by [panel](https://panel.pyviz.org/) (#Panel)
- [User Guide](https://panel.pyviz.org/user_guide/index.html) by [panel](https://panel.pyviz.org/) (#Panel)

### Sister Sites

- [awesome-streamlit.org](https://awesome-streamlit.org) by [Marc Skov Madsen](https://datamodelsanalytics.com) (#Sister Sites)

### Tutorial

- [HoloViz.org - Awesome Resources and Tutorials](http://holoviz.org/index.html) by [HoloViz](http://holoviz.org/) (#Tutorial)
- [Information is Beautiful](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-build-a-time-series-dashboard-in-python-with-panel-altair-and-a-jupyter-notebook-c0ed40f02289) by [Bokeh](https://bendoesdata.github.io/) (#Article, #Tutorial)
- [VTK Examples by xavArtley](http://bebi103.caltech.edu.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com/2019a/content/recitations/recitation_05/dashboards.html) by [xavArtely](https://github.com/xavArtley) (#Inspiration, #Tutorial, #VTK)

### Video

- [Open Source Directions ep. 29: Panel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZOsxmM_wyg) by [Quansight](https://www.quansight.com/) (#Video)
- [Turn any Notebook into a Deployable Dashboard | SciPy 2019 | James Bednar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L91rd1D6XTA&t=274s) by [James A. Bednar](https://github.com/jbednar) (#Tutorial, #Video)
- [Turn any notebook into a deployable dashboard|PyData Berlin 2019](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ohr29FJjBi0&list=PLGVZCDnMOq0pNHTYo3i56zYU-Tdw5Uguw) by [Philipp Rudiger](http://philippjfr.com/) (#Tutorial, #Video)
- [Visualize any Data Easily, from Notebooks to Dashboards](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7deGS4IPAQ0&t=1326s) by [James A. Bednar](https://github.com/jbednar) (#Tutorial, #Video)
